docs/community/source/community-groups/api.rst, before:

.. _api:

Dataverse API Community Group
=================================================

The Dataverse API Community Group reports back to the :ref:`Dataverse Advisory Team <advisory-team>` about `Dataverse APIs <http://guides.dataverse.org/en/latest/api>`__ and `integrations <http://datascience.iq.harvard.edu/collaborations>`__ made possible by them. It is coordinated by `Philip Durbin <http://www.iq.harvard.edu/people/philip-durbin>`__.

There are no formal meetings. Communication happens primarily in the publicly logged `#dataverse <http://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=dataverse>`__ channel on the freenode IRC network. The coordinator will review the logs at http://irclog.iq.harvard.edu/dataverse or (if available) will discuss with members in real time.

Ideas for APIs will be captured in a Trello board per https://trello.com/c/XPObBJLc/1-what-you-can-expect-from-this-dataverse-apis-board either by the coordinator or by members who have been granted write access.

Once ideas are agreed to be worked on, they will be entered as issues per https://github.com/IQSS/dataverse/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md

https://apitest.dataverse.org is the primary place where API testing takes place. The latest docs can be found at http://guides.dataverse.org/en/latest/api

Everyone is welcome!

Commit message:

remove link to API Trello board, promote google group

docs/community/source/community-groups/api.rst, after:

.. _api:

Dataverse API Community Group
=================================================

The Dataverse API Community Group reports back to the :ref:`Dataverse Advisory Team <advisory-team>` about `Dataverse APIs <http://guides.dataverse.org/en/latest/api>`__ and `integrations <http://datascience.iq.harvard.edu/collaborations>`__ made possible by them. It is coordinated by `Philip Durbin <http://www.iq.harvard.edu/people/philip-durbin>`__.

There are no formal meetings. Communication happens primarily in the publicly logged `#dataverse <http://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=dataverse>`__ channel on the freenode IRC network. The coordinator will review the logs at http://irclog.iq.harvard.edu/dataverse or (if available) will discuss with members in real time. The easiest way to join is via http://chat.dataverse.org .

API questions and comments are also welcome on the `Dataverse Community Google Group <https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/dataverse-community>`__ as well as on any issues at https://github.com/IQSS/dataverse/issues related to APIs.

https://apitest.dataverse.org is the primary place where API testing takes place. The latest docs can be found at http://guides.dataverse.org/en/latest/api

Everyone is welcome!
