docs/community/source/community-groups/auth.rst, before:

.. _auth:

Dataverse Authentication and Authorization Community Group
===========================================================

The Dataverse Authentication and Authorization Community Group ("Auth" for short) reports on the state and future of authentication and authorization in installations of Dataverse to the :ref:`Dataverse Advisory Team <advisory-team>`. It is coordinated by `Philip Durbin <http://www.iq.harvard.edu/people/philip-durbin>`__ and `Ben Companjen <https://pure.knaw.nl/portal/en/persons/ben-companjen%280db8708d-9b7d-44f5-b960-521261d8b2f9%29.html>`__.

The best way to get involved is to subscribe to the "dvn-auth" list at https://lists.iq.harvard.edu/mailman/listinfo/dvn-auth . You can see a list of subscribers at https://lists.iq.harvard.edu/mailman/roster/dvn-auth and the archives at https://lists.iq.harvard.edu/pipermail/dvn-auth/

Joining http://chat.dataverse.org is the best way to reach the coordinators, who go by "pdurbin" and "bencomp".

For now, the `Dataverse Authentication and Authorization Community Group Google Doc <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xbWkj_OIk13gKe7jleNXVvakZErvHLA8JRBvLz8Fe8Q/edit?usp=sharing>`__ is being used as a place to centralize lists of auth projects, interests and meeting notes. Comments are welcome! Feel free to request "edit" access!

Commit message:

remove reference to dvn-auth list, to be retired

docs/community/source/community-groups/auth.rst, after:

.. _auth:

Dataverse Authentication and Authorization Community Group
===========================================================

The Dataverse Authentication and Authorization Community Group ("Auth" for short) reports on the state and future of authentication and authorization in installations of Dataverse to the :ref:`Dataverse Advisory Team <advisory-team>`. It is coordinated by `Philip Durbin <http://www.iq.harvard.edu/people/philip-durbin>`__ and `Ben Companjen <https://pure.knaw.nl/portal/en/persons/ben-companjen%280db8708d-9b7d-44f5-b960-521261d8b2f9%29.html>`__.

The `Dataverse Community Google Group <https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/dataverse-community>`__ is a fine place to discuss anything related to auth, but auth often also comes up in the #dataverse channel on freenode since both coordinators are regulars (going by "pdurbin" and "bencomp"). Please feel free to join at http://chat.dataverse.org but rest assured that significant announcements regarding auth will be made via the Google Group.

For now, the `Dataverse Authentication and Authorization Community Group Google Doc <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xbWkj_OIk13gKe7jleNXVvakZErvHLA8JRBvLz8Fe8Q/edit?usp=sharing>`__ is being used as a place to centralize lists of auth projects, interests and meeting notes. Comments are welcome! Feel free to request "edit" access!
